because
and it's fine we have an information of
light bulb so put yourself as a civil area
because he started passion homework
that information here our program the
next match be against the
independent josé terán why to
Here's a video of
how is the coach club
and how motivated is this game
there is no blue with blacksmith let's see with
definition works emelec started a
new week of internships in the complex
of the samanes thinking from now on
his match this Saturday at 5pm
independent front of the valley in the
capwell stadium that was postponed in the
date 10 for the participation of the
blue in cup liberators polo wila
considers that the group does not feel
affected by the absences of
players that are next to the
selection as it affirms other companions
they can replace them without problems in
only part but we have in the
conditions of a large campus if they say
are in a cache that are important in
which you can enter to that resolution
some kind of problem the members
of the 'millionaire' box forgot the
last two defeats in a row
tournament and will seek to add in this and the
next game postponed they have with
the blanket to secure more
chances of winning the first stage
today we are proclaimed by us
very well before we have up a rhythm
pretty good started from
that's why the intensity went down so
that's the focus this week is
for we need not only two
matches except the gustavo team
Quinteros leads the table by registering 35
three points more than your immediate
sports follower quito
it arrived flowers more sports
and continuing as it is information from
training of emelec was known that
the technician gustavo quinteros you will give
minutes to goalkeeper Javier Klimowicz with
reserve the team so you can
get more javier game rhythm than
mobile that is training with the
regularity that I did not have a year ago and
medium and then it is because she
has recovered from the pilgrimage that has
had to live after his lemon injury
up to 100% but it was not the issue in its
injury but with a physical issue in
comparison with the other partners the
prolonged face that has had that
found in a small mental with
relationship to the challenge is for what
Gustavo Quinteros gives him minutes with
reserves of the set of ml
we have the memory tomb is crazy
They have to celebrate Fernando
we want Slavonia this crazy full
of a norm the species
and I come to leave you with two years
and not yet my father needs me
sending your photo in our mail
electronic as you see on blue screen
to death there will be a point
take a picture watching our program
for only sent and here you what
we will publish in the next program
passion ml and now start listening
with the mineral hashtag
I see passions as it is on the screen and
during the whole program of the next
come out your messages and also
Special greetings for my panas del
school for my friend july arias for
Let him warn lords for Ricardo Kilo
for July donceles do not miss
no passion program
continuation
following with more news we see the
party details
independent ml for being terán emelec
in front of the independent will be that the
Saturday , 8 June at the stadium george
capwell at 5 pm the prices
tickets are grandstands and general 5
dollars the grandstand with him
the dollar pair in something extra from
20 dollars suite
and the referees for this meeting in
once in front of the independent the view
central will be Carlos Vera the assistant
number one will be christian lescano and the
assistant number 2
byron rosemary a very difficult game
in front of Niell pending a great rival
gentlemen that is in the part of
above dealing with the positions of
championship a week so we wait
that we get or put all the
claw to win this game very
complicated
our program is already reaching its
order if mandela sent a big kiss
special a kiss of blue color to me
friend evelyn sedeño that I love her
very much
the exciting program like all
Wednesday
so a person
the friend don tommy the one of followed to
our facebook social networks and
twitter find out with antisec daily
joining us we write all
your message greetings us what you
we will publish here in the passion program
md since do not forget to share
this program together with your friends
this was passion md thank you very much
bye
Y